thought you looked really cute nice outfit guys the lack of certainty and no smile communicates this dude's creepy this dude's not confident this dude's potentially a threat i got rejected i suck i don't even think she actually heard me i could probably still go up and give her a genuine compliment now hey excuse me hi the biggest mistakes i see is that dudes just don't talk loud enough they don't smile or the rhythm and pace that they're talking at is very awkward and creepy so i'm going to give a really creepy awkward compliment right now and watch how it doesn't really hit uh i thought you looked nice i thought you looked nice take care so you notice that like i don't know if the camera caught it but the moment i said it she ejected and the reason behind that is because there was just no smile there's no enthusiasm there's no emotion being created when you say i like your look i thought you looked really cute nice jacket so that's an example of delivery but let's do another example of a bad compliment which would be like i'm not even looking at them they barely hear me hey excuse me excuse me i thought you looked really cute because of the distance i opened that and how weak i opened i don't know if the camera caught it but she was like this she looked back and she never stopped walking the weakness of my voice the lack of certainty and the that no smile communicates, this dude's creepy, this dude's not competent, this dude's potentially a threat. Here's gonna be another shitty compliment. Nice outfit, guys. They didn't even respond either, because I'm talking at a low volume. Hopefully the camera caught their reactions. There was zero acknowledgement, zero reaction, and it's all in the vibe and the delivery and the eye contact and the smile that creates that emotion within people. Because you could say something very simple and get a great response you could say the same words with a shit delivery and get completely ignored like how how that just happened so i'll give another one here this will be kind of shit too i'm barely gonna look at her i like your dress no response i got rejected i suck no you don't suck dude it's just your voice is weak i don't even think she actually heard me i don't I don't even think she knows I'm talking to her. I could probably still go up and give her a genuine compliment now. Let me just show you. She might be a little creeped out already because of what I did. Well, let's just see. I'll show you guys the difference in responses though. Hey, excuse me. Hi. Hi. Hi. Can I just say, I thought you looked really nice today. Oh, thank you so much. Yeah, I really liked the outfit. Thank you. No problem. How's your day going? Good. Good to see you. You're beautiful. Thank you. That's why it's important to smile, right? right like when you see somebody you gotta you gotta smile and bring a good emotion just wanted to say that what's your name it's a pleasure meeting you kyle yes have an awesome day okay you know what's funny is i actually tried to tell you that back there oh my god i thought you rejected me i'm so sorry i was like damn i got rejected but then i was like wait maybe she just didn't even hear me because i wasn't smiling you probably didn't hear me and i didn't get your attention that well you know i said it's super weak and creepy and weird and that's why you walked by and then when i came back i was like you know what let me put a little bit more of a smile and make sure she could hear me at a safe distance and then you stopped oh thank you again yeah no problem it's a pleasure okay have an awesome day okay so there you have it good versus bad literally on the same girl and then i just hammered home the point in conversation to make it really obvious for you guys so hopefully that helps so those are the three biggest mistakes I see guys not doing consistently. They're not smiling, they're opening with a really weak voice, or they're opening at like an awkward distance where they're either behind the girl or they're like too close to her or it's just too late. If you're somebody who wants to increase their social confidence and achieve the dating life you've always dreamed of, I can help you with that. Click the link in description for an opportunity to work with me personally. Click the link below right now. Let's go.
