okay so i so i'm i'm inside of my mastermind right now and you you gave me a video topic go ahead and say the video topic again the mindset of a first approach okay the mindset of a first approach give give a little more context your first approach ever first approach of the day what's more context first approach ever or in years or in eternity okay your brand Okay. Gotcha. Okay. All right. Hey Shane, mute your microphone. I'm doing a, I'm doing a YouTube video while I do this mastermind call. Okay. So if you have not done an approach ever, or you are approaching for the first time in years. Okay. So let me ask you this. What would you do? What opener would you like to use on a chick? If you were like at the mall and you saw her? Oh shit. I haven't thought about it. Um, Um, probably like, uh, asking for directions or something. Great. Then that's the best opener you can possibly do. Then that's, that's the best opener because the best opener you can do when you're just getting started is the easiest opener that you can do. So straight up, if you find it, a lot of guys find it easiest to just get it out of the way. They say, just get it out of the way. Excuse me. I saw you over here. You're really cute. I wanted to come say hello. Boom. Boom. Then that's the best for you. If you find it easiest to go, excuse me, sorry, do you happen to know if there is a Starbucks here in this mall? And now you find that easiest, then that's easiest as well. So this is all just doubling back to the only failure is inaction. And not only that, but also the concept that I talk about all the time, which is permission to bail. bail so for anybody that's watching this if you are so afraid of the social anxiety and the freezing up that could happen from getting really entrenched in an interaction with this girl like damn i feel like if i have to go do this 10 minute interaction i'm gonna freeze up i'm not gonna know what to say whatever well then by going indirect and just asking for directions or pretending to recognize her, you now have permission to bail, which is, okay, I've got the balls up now. All right. I know what Aaron said about just any action is better than nothing. Okay. Here I go. Excuse me. Hey, sorry to bother you. Do you go to the planet fitness? It's over on main street. She goes, um, no, actually I don't. And you don't have anything left in you. Cause you just had to overcome that first hurdle. Now you can just be like, okay, no problem. Well, we'll have a good day she's like yeah you too and you guys just move on so that can also be easiest for a lot of you guys and then get into basic conversation see how long you can stay in there ask about where she lives where you're from maybe a little story about how you've only lived here for two years and you're not sure if you're liking it what about you do you like it that kind of thing talk about work talk about fucking you know oh have you ever been to this bar that's over near where you say that you live bullshit bullshit bullshit and then ideally you go well hey i gotta go um we should uh we should grab dinner sometime and just see what happens sounds like a plan hell yeah bruce wayne what did you think about that um yeah i like that you just have to kind of go in and just say something um no matter what it is like it doesn't need to be perfect especially if you're scared and like you're just kind of starting out and then also she's gonna feel that she's gonna be like oh this guy's just trying to get out of his comfort zone like i was talking to a girl yesterday who's like she's like yeah i can see like when a guy's just being nice and he wants to talk but like i respect that like yeah and and you know what that's a great point and one last thing i'm going going to say about this as well is that, like you said, shaking that nervousness can be very difficult and they can feel that. So what I always tell guys as well is if right now you're even watching this video and you're almost like trembling, damn, okay, I'm going to go do this, but I am scared, whatever. Well, you're going to be even more scared when you get out there. Don't go to where you're always game or don't go to where you're living. Don't go to where you're actually grocery shopping, actually going to the H&M, actually walking around in front of your house, drive 30 minutes, drive 25 minutes to a grocery store, drive further to go to bars that you don't actually go to. And then you're going to sort of get this sense of novelty, this sense of anonymity of like, okay, this is sick because when I'm over here, I could get rejected a bunch and I'm probably never going to have to see these women again. It doesn't matter whether you really seduce this girl or close or anything all that matters is that you get some form of a conversation going and any form of a hook any form of a conversation just getting into the most basic of conversations with a very pretty girl jerry you filmed you filmed infield for me at the mall remember yes okay so even some of the ones where like like let's say okay you're sitting there holding the camera but you're seeing me talk to like really attractive women so whether i got her number or not if you look over and you just see like yeah this dude is just straight up like having a good conversation with a really hot chick again that now is you taking your biological destiny and saying fuck you because based on whatever hierarchy the universe is operating off of this girl would have never fallen into my lap, but I'm saying, fuck you to whatever that universal structure trying to hold me down. And I'm saying, Hey, I'm going to talk to this beautiful woman, no matter what, and I'm going to make this happen. And so again, what happens is completely irrelevant. You have to be completely unattached from the outcome and recognize that so long as you're actually doing these approaches, getting basic conversation structure going, you have to recognize that that is a victory. Should I elaborate further, Jerry?
